Update sql-agent-extension-manually-register-single-vm.md (#8975)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: azure-sql/virtual-machines/windows/sql-agent-extension-manually-register-single-vm.md

- The latest version of [Azure CLI](/cli/azure/install-azure-cli) or [Azure PowerShell (5.0 minimum)](/powershell/azure/install-az-ps).
- A minimum of .NET Framework 4.5.1 or later.

   > [!NOTE]

>    > Creating SQL Virtual Machine Resource for PowerBI VM images is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > Creating a SQL Virtual Machine Resource for Power BI VM images is not supported.
```

Author: Reads much better, thank you.
